README.md, before:

# Roblox-PKGBUILDs
This repository contains PKGBUILDs to be used at Arch Linux systems. The PKGBUILDs here are Roblox tools.

## Tools
- [Aftman](https://github.com/LPGhatguy/aftman)
- [Foreman](https://github.com/Roblox/foreman)
- [Rojo](https://github.com/rojo-rbx/rojo)
- [Rojo (UpliftGames's fork)](https://github.com/UpliftGames/Rojo)
- [Wally](https://github.com/UpliftGames/wally)
- [Lune](https://github.com/filiptibell/lune)
- [Wasynth](https://github.com/Rerumu/Wasynth)
- [Mantle](https://github.com/blake-mealey/mantle)
- [selene](https://github.com/Kampfkarren/selene)
- [StyLua](https://github.com/JohnnyMorganz/stylua)
- [DarkLua](https://github.com/seaofvoices/darklua)
- [luau-lsp](https://github.com/JohnnyMorganz/luau-lsp)
- [luau](https://github.com/Roblox/luau) (All CLI executables - Repl, Analyze, Ast, Reduce)
- [Tarmac](https://github.com/rojo-rbx/tarmac)

## Why not add these in the Arch Linux User Repository?
- I had to switch back to Windows due to various reasons so I can't always maintain and update them (I hope I can go back to daily-driving Arch once those reasons go away)
- I don't know why, but I don't feel confident enough to do so

## Packages does NOT include development files (libraries, headers, things you need for development)
The packages here only installs the program and that's it, __it does NOT install things like development libraries or headers__, heres alternative(s) if you need a package and also need those development headers or libraries:
- Luau - use https://aur.archlinux.org/packages/luau

Commit message:

Notice of removed packages and their equivalents

README.md, after:

# Roblox-PKGBUILDs
This repository contains PKGBUILDs to be used at Arch Linux systems. The PKGBUILDs here are Roblox tools.

## NOTICE
Several packages are now maintained by another user, the new packages have been published at the Arch User Repository, below are the following package equivalents:

- Rojo - [``rojo``](https://aur.archlinux.org/packages/rojo), [``rojo-bin``](https://aur.archlinux.org/packages/rojo-bin), [``rojo-git``](https://aur.archlinux.org/packages/rojo-git)
- Lune - [``lune``](https://aur.archlinux.org/packages/lune), [``lune-bin``](https://aur.archlinux.org/packages/lune-bin), [``lune-git``](https://aur.archlinux.org/packages/lune-git)

Any packages in above list will no longer be available in this repo. Consider installing the versions from above instead, as they are more maintained frequently.
UpliftGames's Rojo fork has been also removed, as far as I'm concerned, all of the lacking features it provides are now upstream at Rojo.

## Tools
- [Aftman](https://github.com/LPGhatguy/aftman)
- [Foreman](https://github.com/Roblox/foreman)
- [Wally](https://github.com/UpliftGames/wally)
- [Wasynth](https://github.com/Rerumu/Wasynth)
- [Mantle](https://github.com/blake-mealey/mantle)
- [selene](https://github.com/Kampfkarren/selene)
- [StyLua](https://github.com/JohnnyMorganz/stylua)
- [DarkLua](https://github.com/seaofvoices/darklua)
- [luau-lsp](https://github.com/JohnnyMorganz/luau-lsp)
- [luau](https://github.com/Roblox/luau) (All CLI executables - Repl, Analyze, Ast, Reduce)
- [Tarmac](https://github.com/rojo-rbx/tarmac)

## Why not add these in the Arch Linux User Repository?
- I had to switch back to Windows due to various reasons so I can't always maintain and update them (I hope I can go back to daily-driving Arch once those reasons go away)
- I don't know why, but I don't feel confident enough to do so

## Packages does NOT include development files (libraries, headers, things you need for development)
The packages here only installs the program and that's it, __it does NOT install things like development libraries or headers__, heres alternative(s) if you need a package and also need those development headers or libraries:
- Luau - use https://aur.archlinux.org/packages/luau
